Yamilah Atallah

	For my proposed webapp, I'm looking to develop a simple calendar with an elegant interface. But it's not a typical calendar, one where you know when an event will start and end, but a calendar to record the daily frequency of some (presumably) recurring event.
	For all intents and purposes, it'll appear as a regular calendar: a month-wide view, the ability to scroll through months/years, the ability to click on days of a month to record something. The purpose of this calendar is not to remind oneself of the time something will be occurring an ending, but to have a visual record of the frequency of any event that doesn't always occur consecutively.
	All you do is access the app, then interact with a calendar. You can select a day, a color, and even name the event, and “tag” the day with the color. It works with clicks: single click on a day to start an “open” tag, and click on any following day to “close” it and create a series of consecutive tags, one per day. To mark an event that only occurred once (and is not likely to repeat consecutively), just double click.
	By working with colors and tags, you can organize the daily habits you're seeking to record. For example, I can create an event called “Code Streak”, select a color out of a palette, and begin to tag days with this event (I might limit the users to creating 5 different events, at most, at any given time). It can be a series of consecutive events, or not. This way, I can keep a visual record of every day that I made a commit to with Git, and see if I'm meeting my code streak goal, and for how long.
	This will mean I'll have to learn about how to write something to manage a state that's somewhat complex. Further, I'll have to implement a backend to deal with data persistence. I've never done any kind of backend, so this will be a significant challenge. There might be a solution to this, such as having each user save their data offline using what appears to be referred to as “client side storage.”
	I hope to make this a “mobile-first” app, and have it work on as many devices as possible, but especially on mobile, and I want the interface to be as minimal and pleasant as possible. This app is for anyone who wants to record their daily habits, help the user stay aware of them, and be able to record habits that aren't always consecutive ones.
	My first goal will be to get a calendar layout drafted, so as to have all he design decisions mostly planned out ahead of time. While I do this, I'll think about the behavior of the app, which will be a good segue into implementation. I'll need to work with a lot of jQuery to give it the kind of animation it will need. Eventually, I'll have to learn about offline storage as a solution to some potentially complicated backend, as well, which will probably in the later phases of development.